Update MSDocs for ACS Web UI Library teams interops file-sharing (#110431)
Azure/azure-content: articles/communication-services/tutorials/file-sharing-tutorial.md

>[!IMPORTANT]
>Azure Communication Services doesn't provide a file storage service. You will need to use your own file storage service for sharing files. For the pupose of this tutorial, we will be using Azure Blob Storage.**
>

> >Not to be confused with the Teams Interopability feature where a ACS user can receive [SharePoint files](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/solutions/microsoft-365-limit-sharing) with proper file permissions shared by a Teams user. This feature is currently available in Public Preview, for more information please refer to [Supplemental Terms of Use for Microsoft Azure Previews.](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/preview-supplemental-terms/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This tutorial is about file sharing between ACS users in an ACS Chat. For file sharing in an Teams interoperability chat, please refer to the documentation in the [Storybook](https://azure.github.io/communication-ui-library/?path=/docs/examples-teamsinterop-filesharing--file-sharing).  Please note that for Teams Interoperability chat, we only support ACS users to receive file attachments from Teams users at this time, refer to [Web UI library use cases](../../concepts/ui-library/includes/web-ui-use-cases.md) for more info.
 ```

Author: Might want to word this more clear only 'receiving' file sharing from Teams user and doesn't work the other way around

> > This tutorial is about file sharing between ACS users in an ACS Chat. For file sharing in an Teams interoperability chat, please refer to the documentation in the [Storybook](https://azure.github.io/communication-ui-library/?path=/docs/examples-teamsinterop-filesharing--file-sharing).  Please note that for Teams Interoperability chat, we only support ACS users to receive file attachments from Teams users at this time, refer to [Web UI library use cases](../concepts/ui-library/includes/web-ui-use-cases.md#chat-use-cases) for more info.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This tutorial is about file sharing between ACS users in an ACS Chat. For file sharing in a Teams interoperability chat, see the documentation in the [Storybook](https://azure.github.io/communication-ui-library/?path=/docs/examples-teamsinterop-filesharing--file-sharing).  Note that for Teams Interoperability chat, we only support ACS users to receive file attachments from Teams users at this time. See [Web UI library use cases](../concepts/ui-library/includes/web-ui-use-cases.md#chat-use-cases) for more information.
```
